welcome saunas and films I'm Rob we're
going to get all the monsters University
mu flags on the a monster University
campus in the monsters University
campaign in Disney infinity I over here
by the by track well yeah frightening
feathers I don't see it but sure I
believe you
there's flag one by the bike track on
the left side of the campus let's go get
flag to there are twenty we have one
twentieth of the way through we're gonna
climb this building it's like the first
building of the campus let me get up
here if you can you can do it slightly
there we go
all right I'm gonna shuffle across the
top here daddy there's a flag climb up
the water pipe spout tool whatever you
want to call him in your country now
there's 220 she's am never a tenth of
the way we just hard what we did amazing
alright let's climb up here Shazam
Shazam Shazam easy this building is a to
the right of the previous building
there's a nice little capsule up there
so to my right is the way to fee attack
you can see the park down there there's
a flag get that one right knee open
somebody that's happened I now we're
climbing another pipe this is building
is right next to the previous building
I'm going to go around here and we jump
back onto the previous building do a
little bounce there we go and there is
flag number four oh yeah that was that
we're fit all the way now just harvin
that down we're gonna scare this guy
this guy's over near the bike track
again
OOP jumped on his I really sorry about
that buddy the final flag is actually to
our left but I'm gonna say that for the
end you can skip to the end if you're
looking for one flag it's probably that
one we're gonna go through this the same
way I did
somebody
you're free from your toilet paper
prison congratulations
I'm gonna head over here to the edge I'm
gonna jump down there's a little Mike
Chester come back as Mike open that up
where as a flag right there BAM five of
20 we are on a roll number six this is
at the back to get to the tower you get
this one just playing through the story
you get told to place a an end of thing
a little prank thing it was lucky real
defense got to the right of that one his
little party will get that flag then
there's another flag right down there go
down into the park pick up number 10
number 11 remember it to the opposite
side of the tower to the other Park with
the statue so here we are going to left
down here this is basically we got
slapped low defense statue there truly
left of the statue just over there is a
flag out in the open that's 11 oh yeah
Oh goods at number 12 let's get this guy
and climb up the tower we're about to
get like three in a row
really easy ones climb up tower we're
gonna climb up and grab the wall here
jump on the bricks cuz why not
little boost and what we're going to do
is we're going to go right for jump
across here and there's one flower you
can see it already we go around there's
another flag because it's capture what's
in here Randy scale walls can make a
Randy house that's now in 14 there it is
number 14 pick that one up just go like
three within that space of like ten
seconds beautiful number fifteen
eventually you've got a scare this
building just keep playing through and
then you can climb up it there are like
five up here possibly exactly five so
don't do that that's just dumb that is
stupidity at its best
we're going to climb up this wall can't
reach that once we're left jump across
boying boying
you don't want to go all the way to the
top so you don't to go this one and jump
across because you actually miss so you
want to go down one or two and jump
cross and you'll be able to grab it
you're at the top you go too far hit the
ground go climb back up and you don't
want to do that you don't be that guy
right so here we are
climb up the pipe go boom boom
we're gonna go down the back here to the
side and there's one just down there
there it is you can see it already
easy now there's a capture what are we
getting this one is it good
funny flap is there's a good
insult for people hey funny flappers
yeah we're gonna I'm gonna open this up
don't mind me get a little sidetracked
there could be something good in here
scare that it's better be good another
capture or not a flag disappointing
frosty feathers sure why not let's go a
frosty feathers alright we're gonna jump
cross onto the rooftop here and there
should be like four more three more I
think four more
so there's number sixteen grab that one
jump up not go up here drop down we'll
go the other way here's a couple flags
over here look at that
newsstand fantastic just what I wanted
always one of the newsstand
what's it some kind of collection yeah
this is a capsule guy by the way doubles
as here we go there's a flag BAM
16 or 20 and 17 is just here Shazam then
we're going to jump across this building
or the other section of the same
building I guess I'm gonna go there's
another flag number 18 number 19 up in
the middle section go back up there and
we're going to go to the back of the
building so on that main section there
this is the backward building looking
out to the Tao of the clock tower we
drop down here
number 19 okay shot there it is you can
see it so you drop down there and bam
there's 19 number 20 we're going back to
that building where we scare the monster
and he raises up so we can climb up the
water pipe I say here we go step on his
I because will mean go up here going and
turn left immediately and there it is
number 20 probably the final one you
looking for so hooray for that and we
get the glow urchin we can finally make
people fat because fat people or
actually monsters they're not people
they're monsters we can make fat
monsters everyone likes fat monsters
you